.TH PROCMAILPF 8l "28th April 2015 r1.45
.SH NAME
.B procmailpf
- configures a remote mail domain running 
.BR plesk ,
.B postfix 
and
.B spamassassin
on a 
.B CentOS
platform to use 
.B procmail 
for the disposition of spam e-mail and messages with attachments containing
zipped .EXE files.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBprocmailpf\fR
[[\fB-a \fI<host_name>\fR] | 
[\fB-m \fI<mail_domain>\fR]]
[\fB-c \fI<client_id>\fR] 
[\fB-d\fR] 
[\fB-l\fR]
[\fB-v\fR]] |
[\fB-V \fR]
.br
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B procmailpf
is a Bourne shell script which should work equally well on all versions of UNIX,
Linux and Mac OS X.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B procmailpf
uses
.B ssh
to install or update 
.I .qmail   
and 
.I .procmailrc
files from local templates to all accounts in a mail domain.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
.B -a
.I <host_name>
.IP
The 
.B -a 
option tells
.B procmailpf
to find all virtual maildomains on 
.I <host_name>
and install or update
.I .procmailrc
and
.I .qmail
to each account in the domain.
.TP 5
.B -c
.I <client_id>
.IP
The
.B -c 
option
is required and determines which pair of 
.I client 
templates are to be used. (See FILES below).
.TP 5
.B -d
Set debug mode on.
.IP
The \fB-x\fR option is set within the shell
and each command in the script is echoed to the console.
.TP 5
.B -l
The 
.B syslog
facility is used to log each file installed or update.
.TP 5
.B -m
.I <mail_domain>
.IP
If the
.B -a
option is not being used then the mail domain to be updated must be selected
with the 
.B -m
option. It is an error at present to select both an hostname and a
maildomain. (This may change as I find some clients have set up
virtual mail domains which at least at the time of invocation do not
resolve in 
.BR DNS .
.TP 5
.B -v
Sets verbose mode.
.TP 5
\fB-V\fR
Print the version details and exit.
.SH FILES
\fI/src/<client_id>/var/qmail/common/.qmail\fR,
.br
\fI/src/<client_id>/var/qmail/common/.procmailrc\fR,
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.ft CW
procmailpf -v  -c companyA -m example.maildomain 
.ft R
.LP
All mail accounts in mail domain "example.maildomain" have
.I .procmailrc
and
.I .qmail
installed or updated from the templates
.I /src/companyA/var/qmail/common/.qmail 
and
.IR /src/companyA/var/qmail/common/.procmailrc .
.LP
Each file updated is reported to standard out.
.IP
.ft CW
procmailpf -v -l -c companyB -a mailhostB@domain.name
.LP
All the mail accounts for all virtual mail domains found on the host
.I mailhostB@domain.name
have 
.I .qmail
and
.I .procmailrc
installed or updated from the templates 
.I /src/companyB/var/qmail/common/.qmail
and
.IR /src/companyB/var/qmail/common/.procmailrc .
.LP
Each installation or update is logged using the syslog facility.
.SH BUGS
The script is quite crude and has very little, if any,  error checking.
The consequences of unexpected input are untested.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fIchkmail\R,
\fIlsbounced\R,
\fIzippedexe\R,
\fIHow-to junk mail with zipped exe attachments\fR.
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@fulford.net or +44 (0)709 229 5385.
.SH HISTORY
